(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Let's say you want
to clone an existing repository
but you don't need all the history of commits.
Now, perhaps it's an older project with a rich history.
How do you clone a repository with a limited history?
I'll give you a couple of seconds to think
about how you would do something like this.
(upbeat music)
The solution is called a shallow clone
and the command is pretty easy.
I'm going to go right here on GitHub to this code section
and copy the URL and copy the URL for the repo.
Now, I'm going to go to my terminal
and I'll type in a git clone
but in addition to a normal clone,
I'm going to add the depth flag and then add a number.
Now this number has to be at least one,
but it can include up to the number
of commits you want to include.
Finally, you add the URL of the repo.
Now you can see that it downloaded the repo.
Let's go ahead and clear this out and we'll do a cd,
you can see that the file is right here on the desktop now,
and I'm going to switch to that folder
and issue a git log.
You'll see that there is only one commit.
It's the last commit that Steven did.
This allows you to create a repo with a history
that will download and operate a lot faster.
We can use this URL on this course to copy a repo
for use for the rest of what we're doing here,
although you can also do this with any repo.